fix(vault): exit token renewal when setup fails (#7940)
kedacore/keda: CHANGELOG.md

- **General**: Fix CVE-2026-42151, CVE-2026-42154, CVE-2026-40179 ([#7868](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7868))
- **General**: Fix nil pointer dereference in `customScalingStrategy.GetEffectiveMaxScale` when `customScalingQueueLengthDeduction` is omitted; the optional field is now treated as zero deduction instead of panicking ([#7798](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7798))
- **General**: Fix nil pointer dereference in `GetCurrentReplicas` when a Deployment/StatefulSet/ReplicaSet is returned from the informer cache with an undefaulted `spec.replicas`; a nil value is now treated as the Kubernetes default of 1 instead of panicking ([#7863](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7863))

> - **General**: Fix panic in the HashiCorp Vault token renewal goroutine when the token cannot be renewed, which crashed the operator ([#XXX](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/pull/XXX))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **General**: Fix panic in the HashiCorp Vault token renewal goroutine when the token cannot be renewed, which crashed the operator ([#7939](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7939))
```

- **General**: Fix nil pointer dereference in AWS Secret Manager `TriggerAuthentication` when `awsSecretManager.credentials` is omitted and no `awsSecretManager.podIdentity` is set ([#7927](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7927))
- **General**: Fix nil pointer dereference in `customScalingStrategy.GetEffectiveMaxScale` when `customScalingQueueLengthDeduction` is omitted; the optional field is now treated as zero deduction instead of panicking ([#7798](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7798))
- **General**: Fix nil pointer dereference in `GetCurrentReplicas` when a Deployment/StatefulSet/ReplicaSet is returned from the informer cache with an undefaulted `spec.replicas`; a nil value is now treated as the Kubernetes default of 1 instead of panicking ([#7863](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7863))

> - **General**: Fix panic in the HashiCorp Vault token renewal goroutine when the token cannot be renewed, which crashed the operator ([#7939](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7939))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
